Cooking Minutes, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Instructions, Preparation Minutes, Price Per Serving, Ready In Minutes, Servings, Spoonacular Score, Title, Vegan, Vegetarian
0, true, true, "If using strawberries, hull, halve or quarter to make them a similar size to the other berries. Tip all the fruits into a large pan with 2-3 tbsp water, sugar to taste and your choice of flavourings.Bring to the boil then simmer for 3-5 mins. Don't overcook, or the fruits will not hold their shape. Keeps in the fridge for up to 2 days, in the freezer for up to 3 months.", 15, 286.48, 15, 4, 35.0, "Quick summer compote", true, true
28, true, true, "InstructionsPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.Combine all of the marinade ingredients in a medium sized bowl.Add the pieces of beef (or other protein) to the marinade, and stir to coat.Separate the onion rings and form into two cones on a large baking sheet.  (OR just toss the rings with the other vegetables before roasting.)Combine the remaining vegetables on the same baking sheet.Add the oil, salt, and pepper and stir to coat the vegetables.Spread the vegetables out on the sheet and place in the oven.  Bake for 20 minutes.Remove the pan from the oven and move the vegetables to one side to make room for the beef.Add the beef to the pan, making sure the pieces are separated.  Pour the marinade over the beef.Return the pan to the oven and roast for another 8 minutes, or until the meat is cooked to your liking.  Dont overcook or it will become dry and chewy.Remove from the oven and stir the beef and vegetables together with the sauce.Serve immediately over cooked cauliflower rice if desired.", 10, 406.11, 38, 4, 84.0, "Keto Sheet Pan Hibachi Beef & Vegetables", false, false
15, false, true, "In a large bowl, toss the cheese and the corn starch. Allow to sit out for 10 minutes.In a saucepan over medium low heat, add the cheese, milk, hot sauce and salt. Whisk until the cheese is melting down. Whisk occasionally until it comes to a soft boil, increasing the temperature a little if needed. Whisk constantly for 2 minutes or until slightly thickened. Serve immediately.", 10, 64.8, 25, 8, 54.0, "Nacho Cheese Sauce", false, true
480, true, true, "In a large bowl, whisk together the beef broth, soy sauce, brown sugar, garlic, oil, vinegar, ginger, Sriracha, onion powder and white pepper. Put the roast in a 5 or 6 quart slow cooker. Pour the broth mixture over the beef. Cover and cook on low for 7 to 8 hours or on high heat for 3 to 4 hours, or until the cubes of meat are very tender but still retain their shape. In a small bowl, whisk together the cornstarch and water. Stir the mixture into the broth in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on high for an additional 30 minutes, or until the sauce has slightly thickened. Serve immediately, garnished with green onions and sesame seeds- if desired.", 10, 204.07, 490, 8, 67.0, "Slow Cooker Korean Beef", false, false
false, false, "Line cookie sheets with parchment or silicone baking sheets.Combine butter, sugar, molasses and egg in large mixing bowlCombine flour, baking soda and spices in medium bowlAdd flour mixture to butter mixture and stir until well combinedPut in refrigerator until dough has hardened at least one hour.When you are ready to bake, preheat oven to 350.Scoop out dough (I find an ice cream scoop works well for this) and roll into 1 inch ballsRoll balls in sugar and place on cookie sheet, well-spaced apartPress down slightly on cookie dough with the bottom of a glass or jarBake for 8-10 minutes. Cool for about five minutes and then continue cooking on rack.", 9.85, 45, 36, 6.0, "My Grandma’s Molasses Cookies", false, true
35, false, true, "Preheat the oven to 350 F. Coat a 13x9-inch baking dish with cooking spray. In a medium skillet, heat the enchilada sauce over medium-high heat. Add the chicken breasts and cook until cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes per side.Transfer the chicken breasts to a plate to cool. After the chicken has slightly cooled, use two forks to shred the chicken and set aside. Meanwhile, return the skillet of enchilada sauce to low heat. Add the sour cream, chicken soup, and fat-free milk. Stir frequently for 2 to 3 minutes, then remove from the heat.In a separate large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the diced tomatoes, green chilies, cumin, salt, pepper, and the shredded chicken. Continue to stir frequently until the mixture is heated through, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove from heat.To assemble, fill each tortilla with a heaping  cup of the chicken mixture. Tightly roll each tortilla and place seam side down in the prepared baking dish.Pour and evenly spread the sour cream sauce over the enchiladas and sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted and bubbly, 18 to 20 minutes.Serve garnished with the cilantro.", 10, 150.23, 45, 8, 74.0, "Sour Cream Enchiladas", false, false
40, true, true, "Preheat oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit.Place yams in a medium bowl. Drizzle olive oil over the top. Toss to coat potatoes. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 1/8 teaspoon smoked paprika (if using). Spread on a large rimmed cookie sheet. Place yams in oven and cook, turning every 15 minutes or so, until tender and browned on some sides, about 30 minutes.While the yams cook, make the pesto and heat the water for the poached eggs. Fill a medium pan 2/3 of the way with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer.To make the pesto, place basil, thyme if using, pine nuts, garlic, nutritional yeast, lemon juice, salt, and 1/4 cup olive oil in the pitcher of a blender or in a small food processor fitted with the s blade. Puree until nearly smooth, drizzling in more olive oil as needed (I usually need right around 1/3 cup). Taste and stir in additional salt if desired.Place roasted potatoes in a medium bowl and top with 2 tablespoons of the pesto. Toss gently until coated. Divide potatoes between two plates.Lastly, poach your eggs! Your water should not be rapidly boiling but instead be barely moving, with a few small bubbles rising to the surface. Crack eggs into the water, hovering right over the surface so that the eggs dont have far to drop. Cook for 3 minutes for a very runny yolk or 3 1/2 minutes for thicker (yet still runny) yolk.Remove eggs with a slotted spoon, taking care to tilt the spoon to discard as much of the cooking water as possible. Top the potatoes with the poached eggs. Drizzle with remaining pesto and sprinkle with a light dusting of coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper. Garnish with basil if desired. Serve!", 20, 502.39, 60, 2, 89.0, "Green Eggs & Yams", false, true
270, false, false, "Prepare the turkey1. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator about 1 hour before roasting, while you make the stuffing.2. Arrange the racks in the oven so the turkey will fit on the middle shelf. Preheat the oven to 450F (230C).3. Rinse the turkey under cold water. Remove the neck, gizzard, and heart and set aside to make the gravy. Remove the liver and save for another use. (The liver is delicious lightly coated in flour and then sauteed with 1 teaspoon butter in a skillet over medium-high heat for 5 to 6 minutes per side.) Pat the turkey dry with paper towels.4. Use the vegetable oil to lightly grease the bottom of a large roasting pan. Season the turkey with salt and pepper, inside the cavity and on the outside, loosely stuff both the body and neck cavities of the turkey with the stuffing, pressing down but being careful not to overstuff the turkey. Press the slice of bread into the cavity at the wide opening to keep the stuffing inside so it wont fall out while the turkey roasts. Place the turkey in the roasting pan, breast side up.5. In a medium skillet, heat the butter over low heat. Add the garlic cloves and cook for 5 minutes, until the butter has completely melted and the garlic is just beginning to turn light golden brown. Remove from the heat. Using a spoon or a barbecue or pastry brush, brush the skin of the turkey with some of the garlic butter, reserving the rest to baste with later, and scatter at least half the garlic cloves around and on top of the turkey. Sprinkle the top of the turkey with the paprika. Using a piece of kitchen string, tie the legs together to keep them from touching the sides of the roasting pan. (Tying the legs also makes for a neater-looking roasted turkey.)6. Place the pan in the oven and roast for 15 to 20 minutes per pound, depending on the freshness of the turkey, or 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours 20 minutes for a 10-pound turkey or 3 hours 45 minutes to 5 hours for a 15-pound turkey. (Fresh turkey tends to cook much faster than those that have been frozen.) After 30 minutes, reduce the heat to 350F (175C). Baste the turkey every hour or so with the remaining garlic and butter and with the liquids that have accumulated on the bottom of the roasting pan.7. When youve estimated that the turkey has about 1 hour remaining to roast, place the carrots, parsnips, and onions in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the vegetables around the turkey. (If there isnt a lot of room left in your roasting pan, place the vegetables in a well-oiled baking pan and place on the rack below the turkey.) Roast for 1 hour, stirring the vegetables once or twice so they brown evenly on all sides. If the turkey skin appears to be browning too quickly, cover the turkey very loosely with aluminum foil.8. Test for doneness. The turkey should be a gorgeous golden brown; when you wiggle a drumstick it should feel slightly loose; and when you pierce the skin directly above the wing the juice should run clear yellow, not pink. Gently remove the turkey from the roasting pan and place on a serving platter; cover loosely with aluminum foil.Make the gravy9. Place the reserved gizzard, heart, and neck in a medium saucepan. Add the carrot, onion, celery, parsley, bay leaf, peppercorns, and 1/8 teaspoon salt and pepper to the pot and cover with about 6 cups of cold water. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to low, and simmer for about 1 to 2 hours to make a light turkey stock that will be the basis of your gravy.10. To finish the gravy, once youve removed the turkey from the pan, remove any excess fat from the pan by tilting it to one side and spooning it off, being careful not to remove any of the natural juices. Place the roasting pan over two burners over moderate heat. Use a spatula to loosen any bits clinging to the bottom of the roasting pan. Sprinkle on the flour and, using a whisk, mix the flour with the juices in the bottom of the pan. Cook for 1 minute, stirring until the paste has come together and is beginning to turn a pale golden color. Pour a little more than half of the turkey stock through a sieve into the pan and whisk to create a smooth gravy. Simmer for 5 to 10 minutes, until slightly thickened and flavorful. Thin the gravy by adding additional stock as needed. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Keep the gravy warm over low heat, stirring occasionally until ready to serve.11. Remove the stuffing from the turkey and place in a serving bowl. Carve the turkey and serve with the roasted vegetables and hot gravy.", 60, 294.51, 330, 8, 92.0, "Roast Turkey with Stuffing and Vegetables", false, false
false, false, "The chicken, pepper, onion, and pineapple should all be cut into bite-sized pieces, but still large enough to thread onto skewers.Place the chicken in a shallow bowl or pan. Combine the orange juice, soy sauce, oil, and garlic cloves and pour over the chicken. Make sure the chicken in completely coated. Place the chicken in the refrigerator and marinate for at least an hour or more.Pre-heat grill to medium.Place peppers and onions in a small bowl and drizzle lightly with olive oil.If using bamboo skewers, they need to soak in water for 30 minutes before using. Thread the chicken, peppers, onions, and pineapple onto skewers. Don't thread too tightly, leave some space between pieces so the food can cook evenly and properly.Place chicken skewers on grill and close lid. Cook for 5 minutes. Turn the skewers and grill for another 3-4 minutes or until chicken is cooked through.Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.Grease an 8 x 8 inch baking pan.In a small bowl, stir together flour and baking powder.In another small bowl, stir together applesauce, cinnamon and cloves.In a mixing bowl, beat together butter and brown sugar until smooth and creamy.Add the flour mixture alternately with the applesauce, mixing well after each addition.Stir in the shredded carrots.Spread cake batter evenly in prepared pan. Bake for 45 minutes. Place on a wire rack to cool.", 202.98, 45, 6, 90.0, "25 Summer Grilling s", false, false
true, false, "1. Preheat the oven to 375° and line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour with the salt, cinnamon and baking soda. In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle, beat the shortening with both sugars at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time, scraping down the side of the bowl. Add the Nutella and beat until smooth. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the dry ingredients until just incorporated, then beat in the oats.2. Scoop 1-tablespoon* mounds of dough 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until the edges are lightly browned and the cookies are just set; shift the pans from front to back and top to bottom halfway through baking. Immediately transfer the cookies from the pan to racks to cool. Repeat with the remaining dough.*Note: I used a 1 1/2 tablespoon scoop and got 46 cookies.", 13.51, 60, 60, 7.0, "Oatella Cookies", false, true
35, true, true, "Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Cut the top and bottoms off of your squash. Stand the squash upright and remove the peel using a vegetable peeler. Cut the squash lengthwise, scoop out the seeds then cut into 1 inch cubes. See photos below for more help.Place the cubed squash in a bowl and toss with olive oil, salt and fresh ground black pepper. Spread the squash out on a baking sheet and bake in the oven for 30-40 minutes (until soft and slightly golden on the edges).When the squash has finished roasting, let it sit until it is cool enough to touch. Mix with the dried cranberries and spinach. Serve chilled or warm!", 15, 81.98, 50, 6, 98.0, "Roasted Butternut Squash Salad", true, true
20, false, true, "In an 8" cast iron skillet, heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onion and cook for 5-6 minutes.Add rice, lime, and chipotle powder, black beans, and water. Cook and stir until rice and black beans are heated.Incorporate spinach and cilantro, stirring until spinach begins to wilt.Create well in the center of the skillet and crack egg(s) into the center. Sprinkle goat cheese on top, cover, and let cook until egg whites are set and yolk is done to desired firmness, 7-12 minutes.Sprinkle with extra cilantro and serve.", 5, 301.24, 25, 1, 98.0, "Chipotle Black Bean, Rice and Egg Skillet", false, true
false, false, "Preheat oven to 350F. Line an 8x8 pan with parchment paper.In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and clove.In a large mixing bowl, beat together the butter and both sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and yolk, one at a time. Beat in the vanilla and molasses then gradually beat in the flour. Add the white chocolate chips.Spread the batter into the pan. Bake for 35-38 minutes or a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool completely before cutting into squares.", 32.19, 45, 16, 13.0, "Gingerbread Blondies", false, false
0, false, true, "Simply layer the parfaits any way you please.You can eat right away or pop in the fridge for an hour.Serve with a big old cherry smile!", 5, 177.7, 5, 2, 60.0, "Quick and Easy Early Morning Parfaits #BrunchWeek", false, true
false, true, "Procedures 1 In a large bowl, whisk together mayonnaise, milk, curry powder, cilantro, lemon juice, salt and pepper until well combined.  Gently toss the celery and chicken in the curry sauce.", 184.75, 15, 4, 93.0, "The Secret Ingredient (Curry): Coronation Chicken Salad", false, false
0, true, true, "In a small bowl whisk together rice vinegar, sweet Thai chili sauce, sesame oil, sugar, granulated garlic and salt.Place sliced cucumber and onion in another bowl. Pour vinaigrette over and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Toss once more before serving.", 10, 106.03, 10, 4, 51.0, "Cucumber Salad with Sweet Thai Chili Vinaigrette", true, true
0, true, true, "InstructionsDump all the ingredients in the blender and process until smooth.Pour into a margarita glass, garnish with a slice of kiwi and serve.", 3, 175.56, 3, 1, 31.0, "Kiwi Margarita", true, true
60, false, false, "Preheat oven to 325F. Tightly wrap a 9-inch springform pan in heavy duty foil. This step prevents leaks when using a water bath. I also take the extra step by placing the foil wrapped spring form pan inside an oven bag while baking, but this is optional.Mix together the crust ingredients and press into the bottom of your pan.Bake in preheated oven for 8 minutes and cool completely on a wire rack.Begin to boil a pot or kettle of water for the water bath.In the bowl of your stand mixer fitted with your paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add sugar and mix until combined. Add eggs, one at a time, fully incorporating each before adding the next. Make sure to scrape down the bowl in between each egg. Add Baileys Irish Cream and mix until smooth.Pour batter into prepared crust. Place pan into a larger pan and pour boiling water into the larger pan until halfway up the side of the cheesecake pan.Bake 55-60 minutes, the edges will appear to be set, but the center will still have some jiggle to it. At this point, turn off the oven, but leave the door cracked and allow the cheesecake to rest in the cooling oven for one hour.After one hour has passed, carefully remove the cheesecake from the water bath and place on a cooling rack to cool completely. Once the cake is completely cooled, place it into the refrigerator for at least 8 hours.Before serving, prepare the ganache.For the GanacheIn a small saucepan over medium heat, warm the heavy cream until very hot, but not boiling.Place chocolate chips in a heat safe bowl.Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and allow it to sit for about 5 minutes.Whisk the cream and chocolate until smooth and thoroughly combined.Stir in Baileys Irish Cream until incorporated allow the ganache to sit for an additional 5 minutes.Pour ganache over chilled cheesecake and spread into an even layer before cutting, or or spoon over each individual slice.", 20, 67.9, 80, 10, 27.0, "Baileys Irish Cream Cheesecake", false, false
20, false, false, "Preheat the oven to 425 F degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.Toss the jalapenos with 1 tablespoon olive oil, some salt and pepper and lay skin-side up on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the skin is blistered, 10 to15 minutes. Place in a plastic baggie for about 5 minutes loosen the skin. Pull off the skin, remove the majority of seeds and ribs, and slice. Set aside.Spread the mascarpone on 4 slices of bread and divide the cheddar among the other 4 slices. Divide the sliced jalapenos among the 4 sandwiches. Close, and butter both sides of the bread.Heat half of the remaining oil on a flat griddle over medium heat. Grill one side of the sandwiches until golden. Remove, heat the remaining oil and repeat with the second side until golden and the insides are all melty and gooey.", 15, 88.09, 35, 4, 60.0, "Jalapeno Popper Grilled Cheese", false, true
true, true, "Stir together mustard, lemon juice, maple syrup, salt & pepper.  Whisk in oil until emulsified.In a large salad bowl, toss together brussels sprouts and kale.  Mix in sunflower seeds and dried cherries. Add dressing and toss to coat.  Serve immediately.", 139.93, 45, 4, 97.0, "Shredded Brussels Sprouts Salad", true, true
true, true, "Preheat a grill or grill pan over medium high heat.Season the steak with salt and pepper. Cook for 6-8 minutes on each side until cooked to your desired doneness. Mine was medium after 7 minutes per side. Let rest for 5 minutes and then thinly slice.In a bowl whisk together the lime juice, soy sauce, honey, Sriracha, garlic, ginger, and fish sauce if you are using it.Toss together the cabbage, bean sprouts, mint, cilantro, almonds, and dressing. Serve sliced steak on top of salad.", 1221.04, 45, 1, 94.0, "Grilled Thai Steak Salad", false, false
false, true, "Instructions", 284.54, 45, 6, 90.0, "Chicken Tikka Masala", false, false
60, false, false, "In a bowl, season chicken tenders with salt and pepper to taste. In a pan over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add chicken tenders and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until lightly browned and juices run clear. Remove from pan and allow to cool to touch. Sliced thinly and set aside.In a large pot over medium heat, bring about 4 quarts water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for about 7 to 8 minutes or until firm to bite. Remove from pot and drain well.In a large saucepan over medium heat, add bacon and cook, stirring regularly, until crisp. With a slotted spoon, remove from pan and reserve drippings.Add flour to drippings and cook, stirring regularly, for about 1 minute or until bubbly. Gradually add milk, stirring regularly. Bring to a boil, whisking constantly, for about 3 to 5 minutes or until thickened.Add Parmesan cheese and 1 cup cheddar cheese and continue to cook, whisking constantly, for about 2 to 3 minutes or until melted. Add cayenne pepper and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper to taste.In a bowl, combine pasta, caramelized onions, chicken and  of the bacon. Add cheese sauce and toss gently to combine.Lightly grease a casserole with cooking spray. Spoon pasta mixture into casserole. Top with the remaining  of the bacon, the remaining 1 cup cheddar cheese and the monterey jack cheese. Bake in a 350 F oven for about 15 to 20 minutes or until heated through and cheese is melted. Serve hot.In a wide, thick bottomed skillet over medium heat, heat olive oil and butter until hot and shimmering. Add onions and stir until coated with oil. Add salt and sugar.Cook and stir onions for about 5 minutes or until they release liquid. Spread onions in the pan and adjust heat to low. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes or until onions are golden brown and wilted.", 20, 204.87, 80, 6, 77.0, "Macaroni and Cheese with Chicken, Caramelized Onions and Bacon", false, false
false, false, "In a large pan heat water to boiling point. Add pasta and cook until aldente, about 10-12 minutes. Whole wheat pasta takes a bit longer than regular pasta to cook. In another pan mix chopped tomatoes, garlic, and basil.Add cooked pasta and olive oil. Mix thoroughly and serve. Add salt and pepper to taste. At this point you can individually add pepper flakes and cheese to each plate if you like.", 195.4, 45, 6, 98.0, "Tomato, Basil and Garlic Whole Wheat Pasta", false, false
false, false, "PreparationLamb: Preheat oven to 425. Finely chop shallot, garlic, nuts, olives, anchovies, lemon zest, mint, parsley, and thyme in a food processor. With motor running, stream in 1/2 cup oil; process until blended. Season stuffing with salt and pepper. Unfold lamb on a cutting board and season with salt and pepper. Spread stuffing over top; roll up lamb from left to right. Position seam side down and tie closed with kitchen twine at 1 1/2" intervals crosswise, then once lengthwise. Transfer to a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; drizzle with oil. Roast until lamb is starting to brown, 3040 minutes. Reduce temperature to 325 and continue to roast until a thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 125, 3545 minutes longer. Remove lamb from oven and tent with foil; let rest 1520 minutes. Do ahead: Lamb can be stuffed and tied 1 day ahead; cover and chill. Bring to room temperature before roasting.      Assembly: While lamb rests, process cheese, garlic, lemon zest, and thyme in food processor until light, fluffy, and smooth. With motor running, stream in 1/2 cup oil; process until blended. Season herbed cheese with salt and pepper. Dress watercress in a large bowl with lemon juice and remaining 1 tablespoon oil; season with salt and pepper. Slice lamb and serve with watercress, herbed cheese, and flatbread.", 550.01, 45, 8, 84.0, "Olive-Stuffed Leg of Lamb", false, false
0, false, false, "Spray muffin tins with cooking spray and set aside.Combine flours, sugar, salt, soda, baking powder, poppy seeds and lemon zest in a large bowl and stir to combine.In a small bowl, stir together lemon juice, eggs, sour cream and half and half, then pour into the dry ingredients and stir just until combined.Spoon batter evenly between 18 muffins and bake at 350 degrees for 20-25 minutes, just until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.", 10, 32.38, 10, 18, 16.0, "Sour Cream Muffins with Lemon and Poppy Seeds", false, true
0, false, false, "Put oven rack in the middle position and preheat to 400°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper, foil, or a silpat mat.Divide pastry into two pieces. Roll puff pastry into two circles, about 8-inches each. Place on baking tray (it's okay if they are touching) and place tray in the fridge to chill the crust while the oven preheats.In a small bowl, stir together the sugar and cornstarch and get rid of any lumps. In a large bowl, stir together the berries, sugar-cornstarch mixture, lemon zest and salt. Juice lemon over the mixture and stir to combine.Once oven has preheated, remove puff pastry from the fridge and divide the filling between the two crusts. Mound the blueberries into the middle of the dough, leaving an inch or two around the edge. Fold the edges over the filling, just enough to keep the berries from sliding out. It should overlap and will look rustic, don't worry about evenness or neatness.Brush the pastry with egg and sprinkle with sugar. Dot the fruit with the butter cubes. Bake two galettes until golden, 25-30 minutes. If the middle of the galette puffs up in the oven, just pierce it with a fork.Remove tarts from the oven and cool for a few minutes before sliding out onto a cutting board or serving plate to cut and serve.Serve warm, preferably with whipped cream sweetened with vanilla sugar.", 15, 81.95, 15, 8, 16.0, "Summer Desserts (: Blueberry-Raspberry Galette)", false, true
0, false, true, "In a food processor or emulsion blender with the chopper option, place olive oil, lemon, tahini, cumin, coriander, salt, red pepper flakes, parsley, Feta cheese, and garlic.Add reserved garbanzo bean liquid.Microwave spinach for about 3 minutes on high to thaw completely.Using a colander, press as much excess water out of spinach as possible.Add spinach to food processor.Rinse and drain garbanzo beans. Mash garbanzo beans (chick peas) with a fork.Add to mixture in blender.Process until smooth. This may take a few minutes.To serve, spread hummus in a serving bowl and sprinkle more Feta cheese on top for garnish.", 15, 66.57, 15, 10, 99.0, "Spinach and Feta Hummus", false, true
true, true, "1. Prepare wild rice blend according to package directions. Transfer to bowl.2. Bring 1/2 cup water to a boil in bottom of skillet. Add spinach, and cook 4 minutes, or until wilted. Drain, and cool, then squeeze dry, chop, and add to rice in bowl.3. Heat 2 Tbs. oil in skillet over medium heat. Add mushrooms, onion, celery, 4 tsp. garlic, 1 Tbs. sage, and 2 tsp. thyme; sauté 10 minutes, or until all liquid has evaporated. Stir in corn and kidney beans, and sauté 3 minutes. Stir mushroom mixture into rice mixture. Fold in pecans, and season with salt and pepper, if desired.4. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Cut top from pumpkin, and scoop out seeds and pulp.5. Combine remaining 1/4 cup oil, remaining 5 tsp. garlic, 2 Tbs. sage, and 2 tsp. thyme in bowl. Brush oil mixture over inside of pumpkin. Fill pumpkin with rice mixture, cover with top, and bake 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until pumpkin is tender when side is pierced with knife tip. Uncover, and bake 10 to 20 minutes more.", 246.16, 45, 12, 100.0, "Wild Rice-Stuffed Pumpkin", true, true
false, false, "Procedures 1 Preheat oven to 425°F and place a piece of parchment paper on a baking sheet.  Whisk flour, baking powder and salt to combine.  Cut 14 tablespoons (1 3/4 sticks) butter into the flour mixture and, using your fingers or a pastry blender, mix butter and flour together until mixture resembles wet sand.  Add cheddar and toss until coated with flour, then add milk and buttermilk and mix until dough forms.      2 Turn dough out onto a floured cutting board and roll dough out until mixture is about 1 1/2 inches thick.  Cut into 20 evenly sized pieces and place on a baking sheet; top with cheddar (optional).  Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and brush over buns.  Bake until cheese is melted and buns have begun to brown, about 20 minutes.  Serve with with butter.", 18.69, 35, 20, 25.0, "Cheese Buns", false, true
10, false, false, "Directions For pesto, place the cilantro, parsley, Parmesan cheese and garlic in a small food processor; cover and pulse until chopped. Add water and pine nuts; cover and process until blended. While processing, gradually add oil in a steady stream. Set aside.      Using long-handled tongs, moisten a paper towel with cooking oil and lightly coat the grill rack. Grill peppers over medium heat for 10-15 minutes or until the skins blister, turning frequently.       Immediately place peppers in a large bowl; cover and let stand for 15-20 minutes. Peel off and discard charred skin. Halve and seed peppers; set aside.      Lightly coat eggplant on both sides with cooking spray; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, over medium heat for 3-5 minutes on each side or until tender.      Top each eggplant slice with a pepper half; sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Grill, covered, for 2-3 minutes or until cheese is melted. Spread each roll with 1 tablespoon reserved pesto; top each with an eggplant stack. Replace roll tops. Yield: 4 servings.   Originally published as Grilled Veggie Sandwiches with Cilantro Pesto in  Healthy CookingAugust/September 2008, p37   Nutritional Facts  1 sandwich equals 290 calories, 10 g fat (3 g saturated fat), 10 mg cholesterol, 717 mg sodium, 39 g carbohydrate, 5 g fiber, 12 g protein. Diabetic Exchanges: 2 starch, 1 lean meat, 1 vegetable, 1 fat.      Print     Add to Recipe Box    Email a Friend", 20, 166.5, 30, 4, 93.0, "Grilled Veggie Sandwiches with Cilantro Pesto", false, false
30, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.In a medium pan melt butter and remove from heat. With a wooden spoon, stir in sugar to dissolve. Add vanilla and stir again.In a small bowl, sift flour, baking powder and salt.Once the sugar mixture is cool, blend in the egg and mix thoroughly.Add the dry mix to the sugar mixture and stir to combine.Add the apples and nuts and stir.Butter an 8X8 pan and spread batter in evenly.Bake for 30 minutes until golden brown.Five minutes before the pan comes out of oven, place glaze mixture in a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Boil on medium and stir for one minute.As soon as the pan comes out of the oven, pour over glaze then with a sharp knife, cut 4 rows x 4 rows into 16 pieces.With a spatula, remove each piece to a platter and cool, or serve warm.", 15, 25.41, 45, 16, 14.0, "Apple Chunkies", false, true
25, false, false, "Combine  cup flour, sugar, undissolved yeast and salt in a large mixer bowl. Heat water, milk and butter until very warm (120o to 130oF); gradually add to flour mixture. Beat 2 minutes at medium speed of electric mixer, scraping bowl occasionally. Add egg and 1 cup flour; beat 2 minutes at high speed. Stir in remaining  cup flour to make a stiff batter. Turn into greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Arrange Cinnamon Pears (and sauce) evenly over batter; sprinkle with Cinnamon Topping. Cover; let rise in warm, draft-free place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.Bake at 375F for 25 minutes or until done. Cool in pan on wire rack.Cinnamon Pears: Combine butter, sugar and cinnamon in a large skillet. Cook over medium heat until sugar dissolves, stirring constantly. Add pears and vanilla; cook, stirring occasionally, until pears begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat; let cool.Cinnamon Topping: Combine sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.", 60, 117.36, 85, 16, 33.0, "Cinnamon Pear Coffee Cake", false, true
true, true, "Cut the pomegranate remove the arils. Discard the skin and fleshy parts.Divide the arils among 3 ice cube trays and fill almost full with water. Freeze until solid.Note: For clearer ice cubes, bring water to a full rolling boil and cool before filling trays.Combine apple juice concentrate, lemon juice concentrate, pomegranate juice, and Pinot Noir in a pitcher or punch bowl.Add the sparkling wine just before serving, but do not stir.Serve with ice and lemon slices.", 204.15, 15, 12, 21.0, "Sparkling Pomegranate Pinot Punch for #SundaySupper", true, true
0, false, false, "<p>Preheat the oven to 400.Brush the Naan with the olive oil.In a small bowl, mix together the ricotta cheese, salt, pepper and rosemary.Spread the ricotta mixture over the Naan.Top the pizza with the shredded mozzarella, onions, tomatoes, mozzarella pearls and basil.Place on a baking sheet and bake for about 10 minutes or until the cheese is melted.</p>", 5, 401.92, 5, 1, 75.0, "Flatbread Naan White Pizza", false, true
30, false, false, "Preheat the oven to 350F.  Line muffin tins with paper liners or spray with nonstick cooking spray.In a bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt.  In another bowl, cream together the melted butter, vanilla, sugar, and egg.  Mash the bananas and add them to the wet ingredients.  Stir in the dry ingredients, just until combined, being careful to not overmix.  Fold in the chocolate chips and the coconut.Divide the mixture equally into the muffin cups.  Sprinkle on additional coconut.  Bake until golden brown, 22-30 minutes.----------------------from Week of Menus", 10, 24.05, 40, 12, 29.0, "Banana Coconut Chocolate Chip Muffins", false, false
0, false, false, "To Make Dough: In a medium bowl, sift together flour and baking powder. Mix in butter, sugar, egg yolks and lemon zest until mixture forms dough. Let rest in cool place for 30 minutes.Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Roll out dough and put into a springform pan.Bake in oven for 25 minutes, or until golden yellow.To Make Filling: In a medium bowl, beat egg whites until stiff. Gradually stir in sugar and cornstarch; beat for 5 minutes. Fold currants into mixture and pour into pie crust.Bake in oven for 10 minutes, or until top is lightly browned.Kitchen-Friendly View", 70, 52.01, 70, 10, 24.0, "Red Currant Pie", false, true
0, true, true, "1 In 10-inch nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add chicken; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook about 5 minutes or until browned. Reduce heat to medium; add mushrooms. Cook 8 to 12 minutes, turning occasionally, until mushrooms are tender. Remove chicken and mushrooms from skillet; drain if necessary. Cover to keep warm.       2 To same skillet, add gravy mix and 1 1/4 cups water. Heat to boiling over medium heat, stirring frequently with wire whisk. Return chicken and mushrooms to skillet. Reduce heat to low. Cover; cook 10 to 15 minutes or until sauce is thickened and juice of chicken is clear when thickest part is cut to bone (at least 165°F).       3 Meanwhile, make potatoes as directed on box, using water, milk butter and salt. Serve chicken and mushrooms with mashed potatoes.", 40, 110.21, 40, 4, 49.0, "Chicken and Mushrooms", false, false
false, false, "Preheat oven to 350. Rub  Tbsp. room temperature butter all over bottom and sides of an 8.5x4.5" loaf pan with your fingertips. Line pan with a piece of parchment, leaving an overhang on two longer sides. Butter parchment with another  Tbsp. butter; set aside.", 32.98, 45, 12, 14.0, "Apple Butter Spice Cake with Cinnamon Crumble", false, true
false, true, "Pre-heat the oven to 400°F.In a food processor, place the yuca flour, cheese and masarepa. Process until well combined. Add the egg slowly while food processor is running.Divide the mixture into 12 equal size portions, shaping them into balls.Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and bake for about 15 to 20 minutes or until golden on top. Serve warm.", 42.48, 45, 12, 36.0, "Pandebono (Colombian Cheese bread)", false, true
38, false, false, "Heat the oven to 350 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl until evenly combined; set aside.        Using a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment beat together the butter and sugars over medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Reduce the speed to low, add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Stir in the chocolate and cherries until they are uniformly distributed.        Scoop the dough by rounded tablespoons onto a baking sheet. Bake until the cookie edges are golden brown, about 14 minutes. Leave the cookies on the baking sheets on racks for 3 minutes. Repeat this process with the remaining dough. Using a spatula, transfer the cookies to racks to cool completely before serving.", 10, 17.29, 48, 48, 6.0, "Vanilla Cherry Chocolate Cookies", false, false
true, true, "In a blender, puree the garlic, carrots, peppers, onion, chile, and 1 cup cilantro.        In a large pot, combine the puree with the water, bouillon cubes, and cumin, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 30 minutes.        Add the chicken and simmer for another 20 minutes.        Add the yucca and green plantain and simmer for 10 minutes more. Add the potatoes, ripe plantain, and corn and simmer for another 15 minutes.        In a blender, combine the remaining 1 cup cilantro and a little of the stew broth and puree. Stir the puree into the soup, season with salt and pepper, and serve.", 187.82, 45, 8, 97.0, "Colombian Chicken Stew: Sancocho", false, false
0, false, true, "In a medium size bowl, combine all the ingredients for Dressing. Mix well with a whisk.Cut round slices of apples in quarters.Keep apples in salted water (1 tsp. salt for a big bowl of water) for 1-2 minutes to prevent apples from browning. Drain and dry with paper towels.Slice celery into small pieces.Add apples, celery, and raisin in the bowl and mix all together. Keep in the fridge till you are ready to serve.", 30, 70.14, 30, 6, 15.0, "Apple Salad", false, true
15, true, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 8-inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.In a medium bowl whisk together flour, oats, baking soda and salt. In a large bowl beat coconut oil, brown sugar, egg, and vanilla together; add in dry ingredients and milk, mixing until just combined. Fold in coconut flakes and chocolate.Pour batter into prepared pan; spreading evenly with a rubber spatula. Bake for 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack then cut into 16 squares. Enjoy!", 10, 38.73, 25, 16, 29.0, "Whole Wheat Coconut Oatmeal Chocolate Chunk Bars + a how-to video", false, false
90, true, true, "In a deep skillet or stock pot heat the olive oil.Add the red onions and cook until soft, about 3 or 4 minutes.Stir in the green peppers and sweet potatoes. Cook until the sweet potatoes take on a little bit of caramelly color, about 5 minutes, stirring frequently.Stir in the garlic and chipotle chiles in adobo sauce. Add the chili powder, cocoa, cumin, salt, and cinnamon.Stir in the tomatoes and broth and bring everything to a slow boil.Toss in the beans, cover, and reduce the heat to a simmer. Continue cooking for about an hour, stirring occasionally.", 10, 182.34, 100, 6, 99.0, "Vegetarian Chipotle Chili", true, true
75, false, false, "Directions In a small bowl, combine cookie crumbs and butter. Press onto the bottom and 1 in. up the sides of a greased 10-in. springform pan. Place pan on a baking sheet. Bake at 350° for 8-10 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack.       Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir 1/4 cup flour into the caramel topping. Set aside 1/3 cup caramel mixture and 2 tablespoons pecans for garnish. Drizzle remaining caramel mixture over crust; sprinkle with remaining pecans.       In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar vanilla and remaining flour until smooth. Beat in eggs and yolks just until combined. Stir in cream.      Pour over crust. Bake at 325° for 65-70 minutes or until center is almost set.      In a small bowl, combine sour cream and sugar; carefully spread over warm filling. Bake 10-12 minutes longer or until topping is set. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Carefully run a knife around edge of pan to loosen; cool 1 hour longer.       Chill for 8 hours or overnight. Remove sides of pan. Just before serving, drizzle with reserved caramel mixture and sprinkle with reserved pecans. Refrigerate leftovers. Yield: 12 servings.   Originally published as Caramel Pecan Cheesecake in  Country Woman ChristmasAnnual 2003, p47      Print     Add to Recipe Box    Email a Friend", 30, 188.43, 105, 12, 30.0, "Caramel Pecan Cheesecake", false, false
false, true, "Combine milk and cream in a small saucepan and set over medium-low heat.Place chocolate in the pitcher of your KitchenAid Torrent blender along with cocoa powder and sugar.Get the full recipe on the Kitchenthusiast blog", 141.18, 20, 4, 37.0, "Mint Chocolate Dessert Soup", false, false
40, false, true, "For the Parsnip Fries - Preheat oven to 425F and line two baking sheets with Silpat liners, aluminum foil, or parchment paper; set aside. Peel and trim parsnips into fries, about 4 to 5 inches long, and about 1/4-inch wide (they do shrivel, but not as much as carrots or sweet potatoes).  Place parsnips in a large mixing bowl and sprinkle with corn starch and using your hands, toss to coat evenly. Transfer parsnips to prepared baking trays, divided evenly, about one pound per tray. Drizzle about 1 tablespoon olive oil over each tray and toss parsnips with hands to disperse and coat evenly. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Prior to baking, arrange parsnips on the trays so they are not touching each other and have air space between them; air circulating allows them to crisp up better in the oven.  Bake on the first side for about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove trays from the oven, flip parsnips over with a tongs, drizzle with about 1 tablespoon oil over each tray, and bake for an additional 15 minutes, or until parsnips are browned and crispy. Baking times will vary greatly due to size parsnips were trimmed, the moisture content in them, how thick the cornstarch was applied, how much oil is used, and personal taste preferences. They will be prone to burning in the final minutes of cooking so keep a watchful eye as this is a very hot oven. Remove from oven and serve immediately with ketchup, mustard, Homemade Spicy Honey Mustard, barbeque sauce, sour cream, salsa, guacamole, or balsamic reduction or creamy balsamic reduction dip. For the Creamy Balsamic Reduction Dip - While the parsnips are baking, combine balsamic vinegar and brown sugar in a small saucepan and heat over medium to medium-high heat, stirring constantly until sugar dissolves. Allow mixture to come to a boil and boil fairly rapidly for about 3 to 5 minutes, or until volume has reduced by about half, stirring intermittently while it boils. Keep a watchful eye so mixture doesn't boil over, which its prone to doing.  Immediately transfer the reduction to a heat-safe container or bowl and do not let it cool in the saucepan because it will be prone to sticking to the saucepan as it cools and it will turn into a sticky, hardened mess on the saucepan and the scrubbing becomes epic; transfer immediately to a container and then soak the pan.  After balsamic has cooled for about 10 minutes, combine about 2 tablespoons balsamic reduction with sour cream, to taste, playing with the ratios as desired. Stir until mixture is smooth. Serve immediately with fries. Extra balsamic reduction will keep for months in an airtight container in the refrigerator. After balsamic reduction has been combined with the sour cream, I suggest consuming it within a week.", 10, 142.95, 50, 4, 96.0, "Baked Parsnip Fries with Creamy Balsamic Reduction Dip (vegan, gluten-free)", false, true
25, false, false, "Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a muffin tin with liners and lightly spray with non-stick spray and set aside. In a large bowl, mix together the pumpkin, vegetable oil, yogurt, vanilla, the egg, and the milk. Stir in the brown sugar.In a separate bowl, stir together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, and the salt. Gently stir in the dry ingredients in with the wet ingredients. Then add the chocolate chips and fold in until just-combined. Divide the batter evenly amongst each cavity. Bake for about 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.", 15, 46.08, 40, 12, 41.0, "Chocolate Pumpkin Muffins", false, false
false, false, "<p>Place a layer of cheddar cheese slices on bottom piece of naan/bread. Layer on sliced apples, then sliced red onion and another layer of cheddar cheese (this will help it all stick together).</p><p>Spread hot &amp; sweet mustard on top piece of naan/bread and then place that on top of apple, onion and cheese. </p><p>Place in panini press until heated through, approximately 6 minutes. Cut in half if using larger slices of naan/bread and serve. </p>", 178.74, 15, 2, 60.0, "Apple, Cheddar & Red Onion Panini", false, true
60, true, true, "Preheat grill or grill pan to medium-high.Drizzle 1 tablespoon of the olive oil on the scallops and season with salt & pepper.Grill on each side for about 1 minute until you see grill marks. They don't need to be cooked through as they'll "cook" more in the ceviche mixture later.Remove from grill and set aside.Combine the remaining ingredients in a large bowl.Chop the scallops and toss together in the bowl until combined.Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.Serve cold.", 15, 216.55, 75, 4, 49.0, "Grilled scallop citrus ceviche", false, false
100, true, false, "For the broth: Position a rack in the upper third of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Toss the turkey bones and parts, onions, ginger and garlic with the vegetable oil in a large bowl. Lightly sprinkle with salt and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, spreading everything out into a somewhat even layer (it is okay if some items slightly overlap). Roast turning the bones and vegetables halfway through until the vegetables are slightly charred, about 30 minutes.        Meanwhile, add the star anise pods, peppercorns and cinnamon sticks to a large pot. Set over medium heat and toast until very fragrant, shaking the pot occasionally, about 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the chicken broth, fish sauce, according to taste, and 8 cups of water.        Add the roasted turkey bones and vegetables to the pot, scraping any browned bits off of the baking sheet and adding them in as well. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat to medium-low and gently simmer for 1 hour. Remove from the heat and strain the broth through a fine-mesh sieve and into another large pot. (The broth can be made to this point up to 2 days in advance; let cool, then refrigerate in a covered container.) Stir the shredded turkey meat into the hot broth.        For the soup: Cook the noodles according to the package instructions. Divide the noodles among 6 bowls then top with the broth and shredded meat. Serve with the bean sprouts, Thai basil, jalapenos, red onion, hoisin sauce, sriracha and a lime wedge on the side so that guests can top their pho as they like.", 20, 375.33, 120, 6, 83.0, "Leftover Roast Turkey Pho", false, false
10, true, false, "1 In a sauté pan, heat oil over medium heat.2 Add crushed pepper, salt, black pepper and garlic; sauté just long enough to caramelize and red pepper to release flavor into the oil.3 Add sliced chicken and sauté briefly to coat in spices and garlic.4 Add Marinara Sauce first, then Alfredo Sauce and bring to a simmer. Cook until sauce thickens and chicken is cooked through.5 Turn off heat; add peas and incorporate into sauce. Toss pasta and sauce until well combined.6 Sprinkle with crushed red pepper for garnish.7 Serve with a fresh sliced Italian Loaf.8 **Note: I highly recommend using homemade Marinara & Alfredo Sauces.", 10, 47.94, 20, 8, 50.0, "Spicy Chicken Rigatoni", false, false
false, false, "1. Preheat the oven to 180c/160c fan/gas mark 4. Grease a 10cm x 20cm x7cm (1lb) loaf tin and line with baking parchment or greaseproof paper, ensuring that the paper extends 3cm above tin. (I used a loaf tin insert, which didn't rise above the tin and it was fine)2.Sift the flours, bicarbonate of soda, ginger and mixed spice in a large bowl. Stir in the sugar until well combined. Whisk the treacle, milk, olive oil and eggs in a jug. Add to the flour and stir until just combined.3. Pour the mixture into the loaf tin and bake for 40-45 minutes, or until a cake skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean, Remove from the oven and leave in the tin for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and allow it to cool completely.Variation: If you like, you can use golden syrup instead of black treacle.", 86.54, 65, 10, 45.0, "Treacle Gingerbread Loaf", false, true
true, true, "COOK THE QUINOA: Place the quinoa and water in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil, then simmer on low, covered, for 20-25 minutes or until all the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender. Remove from heat and allow to steam 5 minutes, covered. Fluff with a fork.MAKE THE DRESSING: In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, salt, pepper, and garlic.MAKE THE TABBOULEH: Combine all remaining ingredients, along with the quinoa, in the large bowl containing the dressing. Toss well to evenly distribute. Refrigerate until ready to serve.", 113.12, 45, 6, 99.0, "Quinoa Tabbouleh", true, true
45, false, true, "Preheat oven to 350. In a food processor, combine all the ingredients and mix well. Pour the batter into a parchment lined pan.  I used an 8x8 glass baking dish.  Bake for 45 minutes. Let the brownies cool completely before removing them from the pan. Store them in an airtight container in the fridge.  They should last 1 week in the fridge.  You can also freeze them.", 5, 84.41, 50, 9, 21.0, "Fudgy Flourless Brownies", false, false
9, false, false, "Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.In a small bowl, combine flour, salt and baking soda. Set aside.In a large bowl, cream together butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar and vanilla. Add eggs; mixing after each addition.Add half flour mixture to wet ingredients. Mix until just moistened. Add in remaining flour mixture. Stir in chocolate chips.Place tablespoonfuls of cookie dough onto a sil-pat lined (or ungreased) baking sheet.Bake for 7½ to 9 minutes. Cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to wire rack and cool completely.", 10, 27.71, 19, 36, 9.0, "GYCO: Double Chocolate Cranberry Cookies", false, false
60, false, false, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees.In a small sauce pan heat olive oil. Once warmed add onion, mushrooms and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes or until softened. Remove from heat and allow to cool.In a bowl combine beef, sausage, eggs, bread crumbs, salt, pepper, ketchup, Worcestershire, horseradish and thyme. Once the mushroom mixture has cooled spoon that over the meat mixture.  Using your hands, mix until well combined. Form into a loaf and place in a 9-inch loaf pan.  Cook for 35-40 minutes or until top is firm and internal temperature is 160 degrees. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 15 minutes before slicing. Meanwhile make your sauce.Heat 1 tablespoon meat loaf pan drippings in a small sauce pan over medium heat. After warmed, whisk in flour, cook 1 minute. Whisk in beef broth. Slowly whisk in cream. Allow to simmer for 3-5 minutes or until sauce thickens. It should coat the back of a spoon. Stir in chives, parsley and thyme. Cook for 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper.Slice meatloaf, place on serving platter and spoon the sauce over the top.", 15, 235.33, 75, 4, 64.0, "Meatloaf with Herbed Cream Sauce", false, false
false, false, "InstructionsCombine pineapple (with juices), spinach, banana, vanilla extract, and non-dairy milk in a blender or food processor until well combined -- makes a green goop.Mix remaining ingredients in a bowl . Then pour in spinach mixture, stirring to combine. If it looks dry, add another 2-4 tbsp non-dairy milk (I find some pineapple is juicer than others). I added 3 tbsp.Spoon into a greased muffin pan and bake 15-20 minutes at 375F. Nutritional InformationServing Size: 1Servings Per Batch: 12Amount Per ServingCalories 85Fat 0.50g  Carbohydrate 18.40gDietary Fiber2.60gSugars3.20gProtein3g", 31.38, 45, 12, 51.0, "Green Gobblin Muffins", false, true
10, false, true, "Heat a pan over medium heat.Place one tortilla in the pan, sprinkle on half of the cheese, top with the pork, pineapple, salsa, onion, cilantro and the remaining cheese.Fold the tortilla in half coving the filling and cook until the quesadilla is golden brown on both sides and the cheese is melted, about 2-4 minutes per side.", 5, 116.65, 15, 1, 79.0, "Quesadillas al Pastor with Pineapple Salsa and Pineapple Guacamole", false, false
false, true, "Procedures 1 Place the poblanos over an open flame, turning often, until blackened on all sides. Transfer to a plastic bag and let steam for 15 minutes. Then peel the skin off, remove the stems and seeds, and cut into thin strips. 2 Add the butter to a large pot set over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until they are transparent. Then add the garlic and cook for 5 more minutes, being careful not to brown the garlic. Toss in the sliced poblanos and cook for 20 minutes, stirring often. 3 Add a pinch of salt and pepper, the epazote, and the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer, and then reduce heat to low and cook for 15 minutes. 4 Puree the mixture in a blender. Return to the pot and pour in the milk. Heat gently. Then remove a 1/2 cup and mix it with the requesón in a small bowl. Add this back to the soup. Taste for salt. 5 Slice the tortillas into 1/2 inch thick strips. Pour a little canola oil into a skillet set over medium-high heat. Add a few of the tortilla strips and cook for a few seconds on each side until crisp. Drain on a paper towel. Repeat with the remaining strips. 6 Serve the soup with few few corn strips and some crema drizzled on top.", 228.18, 45, 3, 64.0, "Dinner Tonight: Crema De Chile Poblano (Roasted Chile Poblano Soup)", false, true
40, false, false, "Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat, set aside.In an extra large mixing bowl, combine the Chex, Premium crackers, Cheez-It crackers, pretzels, and cashews.In a small microwave safe bowl, add the butter. Place in the microwave and heat for 45 seconds to 1 minute on HIGH. Stir until completely melted.Add the olive oil, worcestershire (or balsamic), salt, Italian seasoning, garlic powder, onion powder, parsley, and cayenne (or red pepper flakes) to the melted butter. Whisk until combined. Pour over the dry ingredients and toss to evenly coat.Pour onto the prepared baking sheet, spread evenly, and bake for 40 minutes, stirring at the 15 and 30 minute mark.Remove from the oven and toss with parmesan. Allow to cool completely before serving or storing.", 8, 83.47, 53, 13, 42.0, "Italian Chex Mix", false, false
true, true, "Whisk together stock, oyster sauce, soy sauce, ginger paste, pepper paste, garlic, and cornstarch in a small bowl.Heat a large skillet over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and shake or swirl the skillet to coat bottom with oil.Add beef and stir-fry until just browned but not cooked through. Transfer beef to a plate and discard liquid and oil from the skillet.Return the skillet to high heat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and shake or swirl the skillet to coat the bottom with oil.Add asparagus and bell pepper. Stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes. Add green onions and stir-fry for 30 seconds.Add stock mixture and stir to coat vegetables. Cook until sauce is slightly thickened, about 1 minute.Add beef and any beef juices back to the skillet. Toss and cook for 1 minute. Serve immediately.", 325.64, 20, 4, 93.0, "Steak and Asparagus Stir-Fry for #WeekdaySupper", false, false
25, true, true, "Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.  Cut the Brussels sprouts in half.  Remove about 12 leaves from the various halves.  Add the Brussels sprouts halves and leaves to an iron skillet.  Slice the garlic and add to the pan.  As an option, add garbanzo beans alongside the Brussels sprouts.  Drizzle the olive oil on top and add the salt and pepper.  Bake in a preheated oven uncovered for about 8 minutes.  Then cover the pan with foil and bake another 15 minutes.  As an option, top with chopped cilantro.  Salt to taste.", 15, 100.69, 40, 2, 98.0, "Brussels Sprouts with Olive Oil and Garlic", true, true
0, true, true, "Mix all the ingredients together in a medium bowl. The remoulade is better if left for a few hours to let the flavors meld. Keep refrigerated.", 10, 36.65, 10, 6, 37.0, "Remoulade Sauce", false, true
true, false, "Procedures 1 In a medium-sized bowl, combine the pork, rice wine, cornstarch, soy sauce, sesame oil, and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt. In a second bowl, mash the fermented black beans.      2 Heat a 14-inch flat-bottomed wok over high heat until it begins to smoke. Swirl in one tablespoon of the canola oil, and when it begins to smoke, add the garlic and pork. Cook undisturbed until pork begins to brown, about 20 seconds. Add the mashed fermented black beans. Cook, stirring often, until pork is browned but still a little rare, one to two minutes. Transfer mixture to a plate.      3 Swirl in the remaining one tablespoon of canola oil. When smoking, add the cucumber and red bell pepper strips. Stir-fry the vegetables until they start to soften, two to three minutes. Add the pork mixture to the work, along with the broth, sugar, and remaining 1/2 teaspoon of salt. Stir-fry for one minute. Serve with white rice.", 99.35, 30, 4, 62.0, "Dinner Tonight: Helen Chen's Pork and Cucumber Stir Fry", false, false
10, false, true, "Mashed potatoesPlace peeled and cut potatoes into a saucepan, and cover with water.  Bring saucepan to a boil, and them reduce to a simmer, simmer potatoes for 15 - 20 minutes, or until potatoes are fork tender.  When potatoes are tender, drain off water, and mashed potatoes with a hand masher, add butter, and heavy cream, blend until smooth.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.Chopped bunch of green onions, chop the greens into small 1/4 inch thick slices.  Add 1/4 cup of the sliced green onions to the mashed potatoes and resume the remaining green onion slices for the garnish.    Slice bacon into matchstick slices, and cook bacon until the bacon is browned and crispy.To make spring rolls:I like using fresh spring roll wrappers, I found the ones that need to be re-hydrated could be difficult to work with.  Add about 1 1/2 tablespoons of mashed potatoes to the spring roll.  Roll the spring roll, and secure the ends with a bit of water.  Repeat until you have either no more mashed potatoes, or no more spring roll wrappers.Cook spring rolls:In a deep pan, add enough oil to cover the bottom 4 inches of the pan with cooking oil.  Heat oil until it is about 350 degrees.  Add a few spring rolls at a time to the oil, cook for about 1 to 2 minutes on each side.  Drain spring rolls on papertowels.Assemble Grand Lux Cafe Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls:Cut spring rolls diagonally in half.  Place spring rolls on a serving plate, garnish with cheese, cooked bacon, green onion tops, and serve with sour cream.", 10, 67.08, 20, 10, 42.0, "Grand Lux Cafe Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls", false, false
60, false, false, "Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease two 9 x 5-inch loaf pans, or line them with parchment paper. I prefer to line with parchment paper to ensure the bread comes out easier when inverting the pans.Combine the flours, spices, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, beat together the sugar, pumpkin, eggs, yogurt, and milk until just blended.Combine the wet ingredients with the dry until just moistened, then fold in the cranberries.Pour the batter into the prepared pans and bake for about 60 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean. Let the bread rest for a few minutes, then remove it from the pan and cool on a wire rack.", 20, 51.49, 80, 16, 49.0, "Pumpkin Cranberry Bread", false, true
20, false, true, "Place the Creamer potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with cold water, 1 inch above the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender when pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain, then return to the saucepan.Mash the potatoes with a potato masher, then stir in the butter and milk until combined and the butter is melted. Season with salt and pepper.Heat the olive oil in a large skillet set over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until the shallots are tender and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes.Stir in the kale and water, and cook until the kale is just wilted, about 2 minutes.Stir the kale mixture and goat cheese into the mashed potatoes. Set over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the potatoes are heated, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve.", 10, 121.13, 30, 6, 87.0, "Light Mashed Potatoes with Kale & Goat Cheese", false, true
12, true, true, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, whisk together egg and sugar until light and airy in color. Whisk in peanut butter until smooth. On a parchment or silicone mat lined baking sheet, drop tablespoon size dollops onto the cookie sheet. Bake for 10-12 minutes until they are golden brown around the edges. Remove from the oven and let them cool on the sheet until just warm. Remove them from sheet and place on a wire rack to completely cool. In a high powered blender or a food processor, add frozen banana pieces to the bowl, cover and blend until smooth. Uncover and scrape down the sides of the bowl as necessary. This may take a few scrapes to complete. Take a large spoonful of the banana "Ice cream" onto the flat side of one cookie and sandwich it between the flat side of another cookie. Eat immediately or place into the freezer to firm up until ready to serve. If they will be in the freezer for a prolonged amount of time - wrap the sandwiches or place in freezer baggies to prevent them from burn or staling.", 10, 14.6, 22, 12, 55.0, "4 Ingredient Peanut Butter Banana Ice Cream Sandwiches", false, true
30, false, false, "InstructionsPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.Spray 913 pan with nonstick sprayLine pan with parchment and let it hang over the sides and spray parchment with nonstick spray tooIn a medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cream of tartar and salt; set asideIn a large bowl, cream together butter and brown sugar with an electric mixer (3 to 5 minutes)Mix in eggs, one at a time, then vanilla. Keep beating until mixture is smooth.Stir in flour mixture until well blendedIf using cinnamon chips, stir them in nowThe batter will be thick. Spread it evenly into the prepared pan. Spray your hands with cooking spray and use them to pat the mixture down evenlyCombine the topping ingredients in a small bowl; sprinkle evenly on top of batterBake 25 to 30 minutes or until surface springs back when gently pressedLet pan cool completelyWhen ready to cut, use ends of parchment paper to lift out baked barsPlace on a cutting board. If youre adding the glaze, whisk the glaze ingredients in a medium bowl and drizzle onto the bars in decorative fashionLet glaze set (this will work more quickly in the refrigerator) then use a large, sharp knife to cut into barsMakes 20 to 24 barsBaking Tips:You dont have to use parchment paper in your pan if you dont have anyYou can always just bake them in the pan and then cut them and lift them outBaking w/ parchment though will help you to get the cleaner cuts seen in the photograph because you can take the whole thing out of the pan and work directly on a cutting boardThis is a very sweet treatLeave off the glaze if you wish, but it adds a good flavor to the top (and you can get a nice design out of it)Put the glaze in a little zip bag, snip off the end and youll have a way to squirt the glaze on in whatever decorative way youd likeIf you have chunky, white, sparkling sugar, add that to the top too for extra sparkle", 15, 39.17, 45, 18, 18.0, "Snickerdoodle Blondies", false, true
false, false, "Preheat oven to 375F.Place your pie crust in a 9-10 pie plate. Please note: this pie gets very full. Its pictured made in a standard 9 pie plate. If you have a 9.5 - 10 or 9 deep dish pie plate, you can use those as well. Just dont use anything smaller than 9. (Also - you can make this as two 7 pies, using two pie crusts.) Place pie plate on a cookie sheet for baking.Place pumpkin, salt, milk, eggs, both sugars, and spicesin a large bowl. Whisk until smooth. Stir in chocolate chips. Pour into pie plate.Its best if you cover the edges of the pie crust with foil before you start baking. Remove the foil after 50-60 minutes of bake time. You can also use a pie crust guard, if you have one. If youre using a pie crust guard, you can also add it later on in the baking process, if you wish. Its in the oven for a long time and the crust will get too brown without being covered at some point.Carefully transfer pie to oven and bake for 60-75 minutes. Im giving a large range in time because it depends on what size pie plate youre using and your oven. My 9 pie plate took 70 minutes. Its done when the center looks solid. Cool completely, then wrap tightly and chill for at least 4 hours before serving. Serve with whipped cream. Store in refrigerator.", 77.02, 90, 10, 43.0, "Mom's Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Pie", false, false
30, false, false, "Cook the noodles: Cook the egg noodles in salted water according to the package directions. Once the noodles are cooked, drain and return them to the pot with two tablespoons of butter, and toss to coat.Meanwhile, cook the onions and mushrooms: Melt the remaining two tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and mushrooms and cook for 6 to 8 minutes until the vegetables have softened and are browned in spots.Add the garlic and cook for a final 30 seconds, until the garlic is fragrant. Season with a pinch of salt and pepper.Make the sauce: Add the flour to the skillet and use a spatula to work the flour into the vegetables, forming a paste-like coating on the vegetables. Cook for a minute and then add the Worcestershire sauce, salt, and some freshly ground black pepper.Slowly add the chicken stock in 1/2-cup increments, stirring constantly to prevent lumps.Reduce the sauce and add the chicken and sour cream: Once your chicken stock has been added, let the sauce thicken for a few minutes and then stir in the shredded chicken. Remove the pot from the heat and add the sour cream, and stir to combine. Taste the sauce and season it with salt and pepper to your liking.Return the pan to low heat and warm until the sauce is once again piping hot. (If you aren’t serving the sauce immediately, you can keep the sauce warm on very low heat for a little while. Be careful as it will curdle over higher heat.)If at any point the sauce gets too thick, thin it with a drizzle of cooking water from the pasta.Serve: Serve the stroganoff either by stirring the noodles straight into the sauce to combine everything, or portioning out the noodles onto individual plates and spooning the sauce over the top. Garnish with fresh parsley.If you have leftovers, it’s best to store the sauce and noodles separately and then reheat the sauce gently in a skillet with a few spoonfuls of water. You can microwave the noodles with a few spoonfuls of water and then combine everything. The leftovers will keep for a few days without a problem.", 10, 123.37, 40, 6, 70.0, "Rotisserie Chicken Stroganoff", false, false
0, true, true, "DressingUsing a food processor, combine ginger, garlic, honey, water, oil, vinegar, cilantro, scallion and a pinch of salt.  Continuously pulse the ingredients until everything is well combine and you have your dressing.SaladIn a large bowl combine cabbage, kale, scallions and parsley.Pour 2/3-cup of the dressing over the kale and cabbage mixture and combine well.  Sprinkle in peanuts.  Enjoy!Make 6 cups.", 20, 137.65, 20, 6, 100.0, "Kale & Peanut Coleslaw", false, false
5, false, false, "Heat the tortilla until puffy: Heat a large skillet on medium high heat. Place one tortilla in the skillet.Flip it a couple of times with a spatula, then let it sit in the pan heating up until air pockets form and parts of the tortilla begin to puff up. Flip it again.Add cheese and chicken, fold over: Place cheese slices on half of the tortilla, at least 1/2-inch from the edge of the tortilla. Add chicken pieces on top of the cheese. Fold the tortilla over like an omelette, and press down on the folded tortilla with the spatula. Lower the heat to medium. At this point, if you have enough room in your skillet, you can add a second tortilla to the pan to begin to heat it up.Add apple slices and salsa, cut into triangles: When the cheese inside the quesadilla has melted, remove the quesadilla to a cutting board. Open it wide and layer on apple slices and salsa. Fold the tortilla back again, and cut it into 3 triangles, as if you were cutting a pie. (You don't have to cut the quesadilla into triangles, it just makes it easier for kids to eat.)Repeat with the remaining tortillas.", 5, 31.15, 10, 12, 27.0, "Apple Chicken Quesadilla", false, false
55, true, true, "InstructionsPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Place the cut tomatoes, garlic cloves {with skins on}, carrots, and onions on a large baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.Place in the oven and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour. The skins should be slightly charred on the outside and tender on the inside. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes.Place the tomatoes, carrots, and carrots into a blender, including all of the juices in the pan. Add the rosemary and peeled garlic cloves, and puree until smooth.Pour the mixture into a large Dutch oven or soup pot and heat over medium heat. Add the vegetable broth*, tomato paste, and cayenne, stir to combine.Heat the soup until heated through. Add additional salt and pepper if needed, and serve with a sprig of fresh rosemary or shaved Parmesan.", 10, 136.94, 65, 6, 90.0, "Roasted Tomato Rosemary Soup", true, true
false, true, "Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine Coconut with egg whites until the coconut is all covered by the egg whites (if it feels dry add more egg whites). Grease a *mini muffin pan with cooking spray. Using a table spoon, divide the coconut into the muffin tin, pressing down gently with your finger to make sure the coconut is packed together tightly and to make a 'pool' in the center for the caramel. Bake the coconut until golden brown around the edges, about 20 minutes. Cool on wire rack.Combine sugar, water and corn syrup in saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat until mixture turns a light amber color. Remove from heat and stir in cream, butter, and 1/2 teaspoon of salt.  Mixture should be thick, but if it isn't, place back over the stove for a few minutes, stirring constantly. Allow the caramel to cool slightly (about 5 to 10 minutes) before drizzling over the macaroons so that it thickens.Using a spoon fill the top of the macaroons with the salted caramel, then top with a sprinkle of flaky sea salt.Serve macaroons chilled or at room temperature.", 16.28, 45, 36, 5.0, "Salted Caramel Coconut Macaroons", false, true
false, false, "Procedures 1 Combine raisins, tea bag, and orange juice in a medium bowl. Add 1 cup of boiling water. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand 30 minutes. Remove and discard tea bag.      2 Adjust oven rack to middle position and preheat to 375°F. Grease at 9- by 5-inch loaf pan with butter.      3 In a large bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl cream together butter and brown sugar with a wooden spoon until light and fluffy. Add egg and continue to mix until the ingredients are evenly incorporated.      4 Mix the butter mixture into the flour mixture until there are no longer any lumps, then add tea and raisins and stir until just incorporated. Pour into loaf pan and sprinkle with demerara sugar, then bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Transfer to a rack and allow to cool slightly. Serve warm.", 36.76, 120, 8, 31.0, "Raisin Tea Cake", false, true
8, false, false, "For the Tzatziki:MIx all ingredients together and set aside.For the Tahini Sauce:Mix all ingredients together and set aside.For the Falafel Bugers:Add the chickpeas, onion, garlic, flour, and spices (cumin, chili powder, coriander, tumeric, and salt) into the food processor and pulse until combined (add additional flour until it holds together). Divide mixture into equal sized patties (we made 4 large, but they were HUGE, and I will probably make it into 6 next time).Heat 1-2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Add two falafel patties to the pre-heated skillet and cook for 4 minutes. Gently flip patties (they are fragile!), and cook for an additional 4 minutes. Remove from skillet and set aside (either keep in a warm oven or under some aluminum foil). Add the remaining olive oil and repeat process with remaining 2 patties. To serve: toast up buns for a few minutes under the broiler. Spread some tahini sauce on the bottom bun and top with a falafel patty. Top with desired toppings followed by a dallop of tzatziki. Serve while hot!", 20, 307.11, 30, 4, 98.0, "Falafel Burgers with Tahini and Tzatziki", false, true
360, true, true, "Wash your chicken in cold water and then pat dry with napkins or paper towelsGenerously season the inside and outside of the chicken with your sea salt and crushed white pepperCover the bottom of your crock pot with half of your diced veggies and lay your chicken on top of themPlace 1 clove of garlic and your 2 un-diced sprigs of thyme inside the birdNow sprinkle your diced thyme and remaining chopped veggies over the top of your chickenJuice a fresh lemon over the chicken and then place the lemon halves inside the cavity of the chickenPlace in your crock-pot and cook on low for 6 hoursI shredded all the meat and removed all the bones and placed it back in the broth in the crock pot and served it shredded with all the veggiesEnjoy all by itself or with a side of Grilled BBQ Asparagus.", 5, 197.66, 365, 4, 92.0, "Mirepoix Crock-pot Chicken", false, false
false, false, "To make meatballs: Combine ground chicken, pesto, breadcrumbs, 0.25 teaspoon salt and pinch of pepper in bowl. Roll into meatballs about 3/4 of an inch using a heaping teaspoon. You should have about 40 meatballs. To make spaghetti-os: Combine tomato sauce, water, garlic powder in a large pot. Bring to a boil. When tomato mixture is boiling, add pasta and meatballs to the pot. Cook, stirring frequently for about 20 minutes, or until pasta is soft. Stir in cheese until melted. Add milk, butter and salt to taste.**Note: There is no need to cook the meatballs before adding them to the boiling tomato sauce mixture  they cook right in the same pot while the pasta is cooking. Easy peasy!Freezing Directions:Prepare as directed above. Allow to cool and divide evenly into 8 ounce (1 cup) containers, or quart freezer bags. To serve: Reheat in microwave until heated through, approximately 1-2 minutes. Serve, or place in thermos for school lunch.Servings: 8**conversion chart image provided by Erik Spiekermann", 126.96, 45, 8, 45.0, "Homemade Spaghetti O’s and Meatballs", false, false
25, true, true, "Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly oil a baking sheet or coat with nonstick spray.Place pork chops, potatoes and green beans in a single layer onto the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with Ranch Seasoning and garlic; season with salt and pepper, to taste.Place into oven and roast until the pork is completely cooked through, reaching an internal temperature of 140 degrees F, about 20-22 minutes.* Then broil for 2-3 minutes, or until caramelized and slightly charred.Serve immediately, garnished with parsley, if desired.", 5, 305.18, 30, 4, 97.0, "One Pan Ranch Pork Chops and Veggies", false, false
30, true, true, "Place chicken legs into a large zip top bag.Pour olive oil into a 2-cup liquid measuring cup.Mix together salt, pepper, paprika, cumin, and cayenne pepper and add to olive oil. Add garlic, onions, and parsley. Mix together well with a fork. Slowly add beer as it will cause the mixture to foam and bubble slightly.Pour marinade over the chicken legs in the zip top bag. Remove as much air as possible from the bag and seal. Turn the bag from side to side to make sure all chicken has been coated with the marinade.Place the bag flat on a small, rimmed kitchen sheet pan and into the refrigerator. Allow to sit up to 1 hour or overnight for best results, turning the bag over every few hours to keep the chicken coated.To Grill:Brush the grill grate with olive oil to coat. Heat the grill to about 350 F. Place chicken onto the grill and cook, turning as needed to cook both sides, until the internal temperature registers 165 F when checked with an instant read thermometer.Remove chicken to a serving platter and allow to rest 3-5 minutes before serving.", 10, 154.1, 40, 6, 81.0, "Grilled Chicken Legs", false, false
true, false, "Split the graham crackers and lay 4 halves on a plate. Place 1 peanut butter cup on each half. Top with bacon.Toast the marshmallows until golden and soft in the middle. Place on top of bacon and smush with the remaining graham cracker halves.", 54.0, 45, 4, 20.0, "Peanut Butter Bacon S’mores", false, false
20, true, false, "Preheat your oven to 350F and grease and flour (gluten-free, if needed) a pizza pan, or line it with parchment paper for easier removal. No pizza pan? The batter is relatively thick, so you can line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat and shape the batter.In a mixing bowl, combine the brownie mix, water, and oil until combined and no lumps remain.Evenly spread the batter into your pizza pan (or on the baking sheet) - it is quite thick.Bake for approximately 20 minutes, or until firm around the edges. Let cool completely.Place the cream cheese alternative, coconut cream, peppermint extract (start with the lesser amount), vanilla extract, and salt in a mixing bowl and beat with a mixer until smooth.Sift in the powdered sugar and  teaspoon matcha powder and beat until smooth.Adjust the taste and color by adding more peppermint extract, as desired (some are stronger than others - I used Simply Organic, which is quite potent!), and more green tea powder for color (it doesn't notably affect the taste).Chill in the refrigerator (or even freezer if you only have 15 minutes) to set up the coconut cream. Give it a quick whip before using.Frost the cooled brownie pizza with the frosting and sprinkle on chocolate chips - as many as you like!", 15, 39.37, 35, 16, 3.0, "Mint Chocolate Chip Brownie Pizza + Pizza Bar Dinner Nights (dairy-free and gluten-free!)", true, true
20, true, true, "1.  In a shallow bowl, combine chili powder, brown sugar, garlic powder, onion powder and salt.  Sprinkle both sides of the chops with the spice mixture.  Let the chops sit at room temperature while you prepare the salsa.2.  Prepare a grill to medium-high hat and lightly oil the grate.  Grill pineapple and jalapeno until lightly charred (2 to 3 minutes per side).  Remove from the grill and dice pineapple and jalapeno.  In a medium bowl, combine pineapple, jalapeno and lime juice.  Season to taste with salt.3.  Grill pork until internal temperature reaches between 145 and 160 degrees F (4 to 5 minutes per side).  4.  Serve chops with the grilled salsa on top.", 15, 889.82, 35, 4, 97.0, "Chili- Rubbed Pork Chops w/ Grilled Pineapple Salsa", false, false
12, false, false, "Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon-set aside. Combine butter and sugars in the bowl of a standard mixer. Beat until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add in the egg and vanilla extract. Beat until combined.Slowly add in the dry ingredients, with the mixer on low. Stir in the oats, chocolate chips, cocoa nibs, and almonds.Scoop dough into balls and place on a cookie sheet lined with a Silpat or parchment paper. Bake for 10-12 minutes, until slightly browned. Allow to cool for a minute on the cookie sheet. Move to a cooling rack and enjoy.", 0, 25.9, 12, 30, 16.0, "Oatmeal Cookies with Cinnamon Roasted Almonds, Cocoa Nibs, and Dark Chocolate", false, true
0, true, true, "Preheat oven to 350F.Bring broth and lime juice to a boil in a large pot. Reduce the heat to low; simmer 20 minutes.Meanwhile, heat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, until soft and beginning to brown, about 3 minutes. Stir in chiles to taste and garlic; cook until the mixture is brown and aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Add 1 ladleful of the hot broth to the pan, stir, and pour the contents of the pan into the simmering broth. Add chicken, tomatoes and salt to taste. Simmer gently until the chicken is no longer pink inside, about 5 minutes; remove from the heat.Meanwhile, set tortilla strips on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Place a few strips in the bottom of each soup bowl, ladle the soup into the bowls and sprinkle with cilantro leaves. Serve with lime wedges on the side.", 35, 129.06, 35, 6, 61.0, "Sopa de Lima", false, false
false, false, "Preparation:Cook the egg noodles in salted, boiling water according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.", 87.81, 45, 4, 52.0, "Egg Noodles With Three Onion Cream Sauce", false, true
0, false, false, "Watch how to make this recipe.        In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the mustard and 1/4 cup water to a simmer. Whisk in the goat cheese until combined. Set aside; the mixture will thicken as it cools.        Toast the mini bagels until golden brown and crispy. Set aside.        In a medium nonstick skillet, heat 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over medium heat. Add 4 slices of the pancetta and cook until golden brown and crispy on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Drain the pancetta on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining pancetta.        Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small frying pan over medium-low heat. Crack 4 quail eggs into the pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining eggs.        To build the PLT: Spread each bagel half with 1 tablespoon of the goat cheese sauce. Layer with a slice of pancetta, a slice of tomato, and some arugula. Top the whole thing with a fried quail egg and a grind of freshly ground black pepper. Serve.", 35, 161.24, 35, 8, 31.0, "Breakfast PLT (Pancetta, Lettuce & Tomato)", false, false
15, true, true, "Place all ingredients in a rice cooker and set to white rice setting. Let steam until the liquid is fully absorbed.Place all ingredients in a medium size pot. Bring to a rolling boil. Reduce heat to low, cover, and let simmer for about 10 minutes or until the liquid has completely absorbed.", 0, 115.53, 15, 4, 83.0, "How to Make Coconut Quinoa", true, true
40, false, false, "CUT chicken breasts in half, lengthwise, to create 4 even portions.PLACE chicken in a large bowl and marinate in milk for about 20 minutes.MIX together flour, paprika, all-purpose spice, salt, and pepper in a medium sized bowl. Set aside.PREHEAT oven to 400ºF.MELT butter and pour into 9x13 Reynolds®Bakeware Pan, coating the bottom of the pan.DIP each chicken breast, one at a time, in the flour mixture. COAT both sides liberally. PLACE in pan.REPEAT with all four chicken breasts, making sure there is a small amount of room between each breast in the pan. This will allow them to crisp while baking.BAKE at 400ºF for 35-40 minutes (or until the breading is golden brown and the juices run clear), flipping each breast after 20 minutes.Remove from oven and transfer to a serving dish or serve directly from your Reynolds®Bakeware Pan! Garnish with parsley if desired. Enjoy!", 25, 203.31, 65, 2, 97.0, "Baked Fried Chicken", false, false
false, true, "Line an 8x8 baking dish with parchment paper and spray it lightly with nonstick spray.Place the butter and cream in a saucepan and heat until the butter melts and the mixture is warm. Remove it from the heat.In a large saucepan, stir together the champagne, sugar and corn syrup over medium heat until it's combined - the mixture will be thick. Fit the pot with a candy thermometer. Do not stir - bring the mixtureto a boil and let it cook until it reachesa golden and caramely color - about 275-300 degrees F. You can let it go as high as 320 degrees F, but no higher. Turn off the heat under the sugar and very slowly pour in the cream and butter mixture while whisking. The mixture will bubble up and triple in size. Return it to the heat, and heat until it's about 240-250 degrees F. Turn the heat off. Gently stir in the vanilla extract.Pour the caramel into the lined baking dish and tap the pan on the counter a few times to remove any bubbles. Let it sit overnight (or even just 4 to 6 hours) - I loosely covered mine with a piece of foil. While the caramel sets, cut some parchment paper into squares - the amount you needwill depend on the size and shape of your caramels.When ready to cut, lift the caramel square out by the parchment paper on the sides. You can cover it with sprinkles and chip crumbs first, but I like to cut mine and then cover. Make them whatever size or shape you want! I like the longer caramels - so I sliced long pieces from the 8x8 square and then cuteach piece into fours. You can very lightly spray your knife with nonstick spray since these caramels are chewy. Sprinkle with metallic sprinkles and potato chips, gently pressing to adhere if needed. Wrap each caramel in a piece of parchment paper and twist the ends. Serve with champagne!", 51.72, 60, 40, 3.0, "Potato Chip Salted Champagne Caramels", false, false
25, false, false, "InstructionsCakePreheat oven to 350 degrees F.Grease a 13x9-inch pan - set aside.Remove 2 tablespoons of the mandarin orange liquid and replace with 2 tablespoons of spiced rum (optional).Add the cake mix, butter, vanilla and eggs to the bowl of an electric mixer and blend on low for about 1 minute.Add the oranges and the reserved juice to the bowl.Mix on medium speed for about 2 minutes.Spoon into the prepared baking pan.Bake at 350F for 25 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.Let cool completely.FrostingBlend the instant pudding mix, 1/2 cup Confectioner's, and reserved pineapple juice - set aside.Whip the cream with the remaining 1/4 cup Confectioner's sugar until soft peaks form.Gently fold into the pineapple mixture.Pat any remaining moisture off the pineapple with paper towel - fold into the topping.Spoon on the top of the cake.Refrigerate at least 4 hours - overnight is better.Store in the refrigerator.", 5, 58.05, 30, 16, 15.0, "Pig Pickin’ Cake – A Vintage Southern Favorite", false, false
30, false, false, "In a large bowl, combine eggs, sugar, vanilla, and salt. Mix all together. Here my sweet little assistant is mixing it up.First add about ¼ cup of flour and mix well.Add about ¼ cup of milk and mix well till you don’t see any lumps.Then add ¼ cup of flour again and mix while stirring in ¼ cup of milk. Mix well until you don’t see any lumps. Repeat this process until you run out of both.Add 1 cup of water. Mix well and check the consistency of the batter. It should be runny unlike the batter for pancakes. I added ½ cup more water to have a good consistency. Please adjust the water according to your mixture.Heat a large non-stick frying pan over high heat. When it’s getting hot, spray the bottom of the pan with cooking spray.When the pan is hot, use a ladle to pour the batter in the middle of the pan. Swirl the batter around to distribute it evenly.When the batter started to dry (see below), shift the pan to rotate the crepe. You can peek and check the color of the bottom side of the crepe. When it looks good, flip the crepe with a spatula and cook the other side until it becomes nice color.Remove from heat. Serve with your favorite fruits or other toppings.", 10, 55.7, 40, 12, 38.0, "Simple Crepes", false, true
10, false, true, "Break the chocolate into small pieces and place in a heatproof bowl. Bring a little water to the boil in a small saucepan, then place the bowl of chocolate on top, making sure the bottom of the bowl does not touch the water. Leave the chocolate to melt slowly over a low heat.Remove the chocolate from the heat and leave to cool for 10 mins. Meanwhile, divide the raspberries between 6 small ramekins or glasses.When the chocolate has cooled slightly, quickly mix in the yogurt and honey. Spoon the chocolate mixture over the raspberries. Place in the fridge to cool, then finish the pots with a few chocolate shavings before serving.", 15, 151.24, 25, 6, 38.0, "Chocolate & raspberry pots", false, false
35, false, true, "Preheat oven to 500 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with foil and spray with olive oil cooking spray.Slice the eggplant crosswise into ½-inch-thick rounds, about 10 rounds. Place on the prepared baking sheet. Spray with olive oil spray. Sprinkle with pepper and garlic powder. No need for salt - the marinara sauce will provide all the salt this dish needs.Bake the eggplant rounds 10 minutes. Remove from oven, turn to other side, spray with olive oil and bake 10 more minutes.Remove pan from the oven. Switch oven to broil, setting it on high. With a spoon, spread marinara sauce on each eggplant round. Top with a basil leaf and sprinkle with cheese, dividing the sauce, basil and cheese evenly among the slices.Return pan to oven. Broil 2-3 minutes, keeping a close eye on the oven, just until cheese is melted and golden-brown. Allow to rest 5 minuted before serving - it will be too hot to enjoy straight out of the oven.", 10, 158.68, 45, 2, 94.0, "Eggplant “Pizza”", false, true
0, true, true, "In a pitcher combine all of the ingredients. Stir well until the brown sugar is dissolved. Serve over ice. Store in the fridge.", 5, 86.16, 5, 6, 8.0, "Swanky Caribbean Lemonade", false, true
false, false, "In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the yeast, warm water, and sugar, and give it a stir. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes until the liquid is foamy. Add the flour, salt, and 1/4 cup olive oil, and use a wooden spoon or the dough hook to stir and roughly combine. Fit the mixer with the dough hook and knead for 10 minutes on medium low speed. Cover the dough for one hour to let it rise and double in size.While the dough rises, prepare the caramelized onions and butternut squash. Heat up a large skillet over medium heat and add 2 tbsp olive oil. Add the onions, fresh rosemary, a pinch of salt, and a pinch of pepper. Cook for 20-30 minutes until soft and caramelized. Remove the rosemary stems (but leave the leaves).To cook the butternut squash, you can either saute the cubes in the same skillet you used for the onions for about 20 minutes until tender, or roast in a 400 degree oven for 15-20 minutes. Make sure to season the butternut squash cubes with salt, pepper, and a little oil before cooking.Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F, and pour the remaining 1/4 cup olive oil onto a sheet pan. Spread the dough out onto the sheet pan, using your fingertips to stretch the dough. Top with the cooked butternut squash cubes and the caramelized onions, and sprinkle the top with salt and pepper. Add the cheese, and bake for 15-20 minutes until the cheese has melted and the focaccia has finished cooking (either break apart a piece, or check with a thermometer that the interior has reached 200 degrees F). Cut the focaccia into pieces and drizzle with balsamic glaze, if desired. Enjoy!", 715.29, 45, 1, 100.0, "Butternut Squash and Caramelized Onion Focaccia", false, false
25, false, false, "Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Line a 12-cup standard muffin tin with paper liners.In a large bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg; set aside.In another large bowl, whisk together melted butter, brown sugar, egg, buttermilk, and vanilla. Stir in carrots. Gradually add dry ingredients to butter mixture mixing until well combined- but not over-mixed. Divide among muffin tin. Bake 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out clean.Remove from pan to a wire rack to cool completely before frosting. Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese, butter, and confectioners' sugar until smooth; beat in vanilla. (If frosting is too thick, add a few drops of milk or cream.)Frost or pipe on cupcakes as desired.", 15, 45.84, 60, 12, 25.0, "Classic Carrot Cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting", false, true
